GTA 5 it is coming and I can't wait and
these are the five things that we cannot
wait to do in GTA 5 and today I've
actually brought on my friend Kyle Kyle
say hi hi guys okay so basically we're
going to go through our 5y introducing
only SP coms five things to do in GTA 5
and this can be very exciting because
I'm so pumped for the game and also a
little update here game bola has just
got partnered so good news for game
fella we are growing guys and I want to
thank you thank you to my villa so first
off on only SP calm number 5 plan a
height so yes you can't plan a heist
with your friends it's gonna be so much
fun you can go hunting as well and that
is their number for great things and the
number three spin a copious amounts of
money there's stock markets there's real
estate all that lovely stuff it can
throw all your money you know gambling
is just insane and then number two
recreational activities that means you
can do other things than just shooting
cops and running away from them as well
and you can play golf you can do many
other things what else call you think
well is that you can go you can go brush
writing can you go fishing I don't think
you can I don't think you can fish she
can hunt yeah you can go hunting you
know you can go bike riding and go BASE
jumping parachuting oh all the good
stuff from san andreas and then number
one explore underwater there's actually
under underwater places so this is this
is insane i mean i i'm pumped for it so
much so um Kyle would you like to say
you were five we're not gonna go in
order from one through five but we're
just gonna say our five things that were
super excited for so call what are you
looking forward to look forward to all
right one of the main one of the main
features that I'm really excited for GTA
5 is the enormous map if you take a
comparison of GTA 4 it's about five
times bigger than the GTA format and to
top that GTA 4 had no other terrain
besides just city it was just city yeah
there's maybe a little Park in some
beaches okay well the entire GTA 4 map
takes up only the city of GTA 5 plus
there's still wilderness there's deserts
there's others the whole underwater
world everything next I think I would
like I really am going to enjoy the wide
variety of what
all those guns from what I've seen from
gameplay videos and trailers there's
maybe around two or three weapons in
each category let's say three submachine
guns three assault rifles you know a few
times I don't even know half this stuff
it's exciting what about that
customization ok that's what's one of
the main things that got me into seeing
the trailers you can customize your hair
you can customize anything and online is
going to be huge I cannot wait until
October first one see once you get to
multiplayer huh it's gonna be insane
because you can do so much with your
friends and then also Kyle I believe
you're that one thing you were talking
about the three main protagonists that
you can play as Michael Franklin and
Trevor I think my personal favorite is
probably gonna be Trevor cuz I just he's
just psychotic and crazy just he does
whatever he's a halo war vet or
something yeah he was in Vietnam i'm
pretty sure oh he's uh he is pilots
piloting skills so that makes him like
the player to be we're gonna fly yeah
there's so much we're not even talking
about it's insane so and then rush this
video up God is my four things or five
things I'm very excited for is shooting
while running that was when the biggest
things I hated about GTA 4 it was so
annoying where he had to stop and shoot
coughs and then run away or like if you
had to assault them you have to stop and
you know it's just really unofficial
when playing in the game and then do it
I just feel my next thing is it feels
like an upgraded GTA 4 and i love GTA 4
and i love that they're not taking
mechanics out I've seen a little I've
seen a little bit of the leaked gameplay
and it's just really exciting that it's
just changing into this beautiful
masterpiece that is GTA and that's not
like I dojd a 2 point 0 and I'm excited
about that and we also got interesting
characters we got very interesting
characters because you know they all
seem very Chris matic boob yeah
charismatic yeah okay so um they all
have their own personal you know
feelings and stuff they all have their
own little things going on and it's a
lot better than what i would say i'm not
hanging on st. rose but it's a lot
better because we know we're still not
getting the custom ability that we want
or some people might want a with you
know being able to just like make it
character and then like they have a set
personality but rather there's this very
well developed character and we play as
these characters as well and there's
also music the music as my Nets thing
and i love the
music sounds so much better than the
gta4 music in my opinion and also better
controls yes the controls for gta4 kind
of sucked they were really difficult in
that phone what about that phone I think
Roman wants to play with yuko I fruit he
wants he wants to go are you gonna go
bowling with the Roman I sure as hell am
NOT okay well fuck you Roman guys has
been Chris and Kyle on game bola and we
are welcoming him actually he is going
to be making some videos on game bola
and I'm very excited to see what he
comes up with so guys give Kyle welcome
and uh yeah thank you so much for your
time and interest and scrapped game
below for more gaming news in just a fun
fact GTA cost 265 million dollars to
make just behind the hearts of Peruvian
free
alright guys deal with it